# reference_sequences

- Generated by: Kristina Popova, RNAseq of *Salmonella typhimurium* SL1344
- Date (of download): March, 17th 2020
- Downloaded from: cuba server, "home/kristina/Data/read_analysis_1/input/reads"



Here, all reference sequences to run the upstream data analysis on the RNAseq data (mapping)  



## FQ312003_wplasmids.fa

It is a fasta file containing the genome of *Salmonella* FQ312003 as well as three plasmids. These three fasta files were merged using the command:

```bash
cat FQ312003.fasta plasmid1.fasta plasmid2.fasta plasmid3.fasta > FQ312003_wplasmids.fa
```



- Downloaded from NCBI on March 12, 2020

I generated checksums codes for all files, which make it easier to see whether the files are right (if codes differ for files, they would be changed even if the change is minimal).

```bash
shasum FQ312003_wplasmids.fa >> README.md
```

e73af5e009ae30060810fd4b9df6408293b1d0c8  FQ312003_wplasmids.fa

## Salmonella_combined_BMG2.gff

This is the gff file which represents genes annotated for the *Salmonella* strain. It contains also information about sRNAs and ncRNAs.

-  received: March 20, 2020, per e-mail by Bozena

I generated checksums codes for all files, which make it easier to see whether the files are right (if codes differ for files, they would be changed even if the change is minimal).

```bash
shasum Salmonella_combined_BMG2.gff >> README.md
```


66edf094d280f1d6d0ef844e48e7a3551fea2c6e  Salmonella_combined_BMG2.gff



## salmonella_combined_eggnogg_input.fasta

- created March 31st 2020

This fasta includes all sequences of the gff file. It was generated using both the gff and the reference sequence fasta file in combination using the bash command:

```bash
gffread Salmonella_combined_BMG2.gff -g FQ312003_wplasmids.fa -w salmonella_combined_eggnogg_input.fasta
```



## eggnogg_output

Directory containing all output files of the [eggnogg](http://eggnog-mapper.embl.de/MM_l0bi7wqt/) mapper. The eggnogg mapping was conducted on 31st of March 2020  using emapper_version 2.0 and salmonella_combined_eggnogg_input.fasta used as input, while all other settings were left default (recommended). 



## link_lt_gn.tab

- created 10 April 2020

Tab file connecting locus tag names to gene names. Used in r-scripts for linking. It was created using the gff reference file 

how it was created (bash command):

```bash
grep -P "\tgene\t" Salmonella_combined_BMG2.gff |\
cut -f9 | \
sed -r 's/^.*Name=([^;]+).*locus_tag=([^; ]+).*$/\1\t\2/' | \
sed -r 's/^ID=.*Name=([^;]+).*$/\1\t\1/'  > link_lt_gn.tab
```

